# E-Tourism-Recommendation-System
Many systems nowadays incorporate a recommendation system to personalise the experience of their users, such as music playing apps and online shopping platforms. One industrial sector that could benefit from such technological advancement is the tourism industry, where travellers have different personal requests that they wish be satisfied when travelling. Therefore, you will be implementing an E-Tourism Recommendation system. Travel agencies have a knowledge base of the available offers they could recommend to customers. For each of those offers, the accommodation and means of transportation is specified. Moreover, they all also have knowledge about a customer’s preferred accommodation, transportation and the type of activities he/she would like to perform. As a result, the system should be provided with this data to be able to recommend to the customer an offer accordingly. For the system to recommend an offer to the customer, he/she should provide a list of their preferences indicating, for instance the activities he/she would like to perform, the type of accommodation he/she would like to stay in, etc. The system tries then to satisfy as much of those preferences as much as possible and recommend an offer accordingly. The system could also recommend an offer to a group of people, as each offer could be scheduled to a maximum of N guests. Each customer will provide his list of preferences and the system will try to choose a set of preferences that is satisfied by an offer. It will then pick maximum N customers who will be most satisfied by the offer(based on the data present in the knowledge base).

# Language used
The logic programming language prolog.
